<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 3: A New Card</title>
    </head>
    <body>
		

        <h1>Chapter 3: A New Card</h1>
        
        <p>Without any disturbance, Su Jingxing spent the following of his days hopping between the dormitory building, the working area, and the canteen.</p> 
<p>In order to increase the opportunities of coming into contact with corpses, he covered other members' shifts from time to time.</p> 
<p>In just a few days, Su Jingxing had earned the nickname of "Helpful Little Su".</p> 
<p>Some people mocked him behind his back, but Su Jingxing couldn't care less.</p> 
<p>Only a real fool would reveal such a profitable ability.</p> 
<p>[Corpse discovered. Would you like to extract it?]</p> 
<p>"Yes!"</p> 
<p>[Corpse discovered. Would you like to extract it?]</p> 
<p>"Yes!"</p> 
<p>…</p> 
<p>As time passed, his inventory of Essence Energy Cards and Strength Enhancement Cards increased.</p> 
<p>The number of pills a card gave varied, ranging anywhere from one to five.</p> 
<p>Su Jingxing only consumed a few Essence Energy Pills, but gobbled down every last one of the Strength Pills he acquired.</p> 
<p>Every Strength Pill gave ten extra catties of strength.</p> 
<p>Furthermore, Strength Pills also had the effect of tempering one's body.</p> 
<p>As a result, in just a few days, Su Jingxing not only got stronger, but also became more muscular. He even grew from 1.7 meters to 1.8 meters.</p> 
<p>But this wasn't too abnormal, since he was around fifteen—the age where growth spurts happen.</p> 
<p>Thus, Su Jingxing's physical changes did not attract much attention.</p> 
<p>Even Kong Dabao didn't get suspicious and only teased Su Jingxing, claiming that he would soon become the taller one out of them.</p> 
<p>Su Jingxing, who had secretly been building up his strength, simply smiled at those words.</p> 
<p>He had been taking Strength Pills for some time now; sure enough, he was growing taller, but that wasn't the most important thing. There was something he was unsure about—his overall physical strength.</p> 
<p>He needed answers.</p> 
<p>Seizing an opportunity where nobody was around, Su Jingxing entered the dormitory and went into one of the empty rooms in the hall on the first floor. He stopped before a device.</p> 
<p>This was a Strength Measuring Device, designed to measure one's physical strength.</p> 
<p>Su Jingxing had always wanted to try it, but there were always people around.</p> 
<p>Now that he was alone, he clenched his fist and punched at the contact part with all his strength.</p> 
<p>Bam!</p> 
<p>Swish! Swish! Swish!</p> 
<p>With a dull thud, the numbers on the dial of the device began rising rapidly.</p> 
<p>When it stopped, the number "818" appeared on the display.</p> 
<p>Su Jingxing took a glance, then threw a punch with his other hand.</p> 
<p>Bam!</p> 
<p>Swish! Swish! Swish!</p> 
<p>The numbers on the dial flickered rapidly, ultimately stopping at "936".</p> 
<p>"Nice!"</p> 
<p>"936 catties on the left, and 818 on the right. If I continue taking Strength Pills, I'll be on the same level as a ninth-grade martial artist soon!"</p> 
<p>Su Jingxing drew a deep breath to contain his excitement.</p> 
<p>On Earth Star, martial artists were divided into nine grades based on their abilities.</p> 
<p>Ninth-grade was the weakest, and first-grade the strongest.</p> 
<p>One of the defining features of a ninth-grade martial artist was having over 1000 catties of strength on each arm.</p> 
<p>This wasn't hard to achieve for Su Jingxing; all he had to do was take more pills.</p> 
<p>However, there was no way for him to become a true ninth-grade martial artist.</p> 
<p>To become a ninth-grade martial artist, the foundation that truly mattered was one's internal force, rather than having over 1000 catties of strength.</p> 
<p>Internal force was a powerful force that had to be specially cultivated through internal exercises.</p> 
<p>On Earth Star, every citizen was required to learn martial arts. However, ordinary people did not have the chance to come into contact with real martial arts.</p> 
<p>For instance, in the Yu Nation, ordinary people only had access to one set of basic martial arts—The Thirty-Six Forms of Body Forging.</p> 
<p>Even though The Thirty-Six Forms of Body Forging was referred to as martial arts, it was actually closer to a form of exercise.</p> 
<p>If ordinary people wanted to cultivate internal force, they had to take other paths.</p> 
<p>The first was to get into various martial arts schools by examination, the second was to join sects, and the third was to train at a dojo.</p> 
<p>Out of these three paths, entering a martial arts school was the fairest, since talent decided everything.</p> 
<p>Talent not only referred to one's aptitude for martial arts, but also one's ability in studying.</p> 
<p>The logic behind it was simple; without a certain level of comprehension skills, one could not even understand certain profound martial arts, let alone cultivate them!</p> 
<p>The first path was out of the question, since Su Jingxing wasn't gifted and had already dropped out of school.</p> 
<p>Similarly, he did not have any illusions about joining a sect.</p> 
<p>That was because sects were even more strict when it came to recruiting disciples. They only accepted elites with an outstanding aptitude for martial arts.</p> 
<p>Therefore, the last of the three paths was the only viable option for Su Jingxing.</p> 
<p>The dojo!</p> 
<p>As long as one can afford it, one can learn martial arts from the various dojos in Qinghe City.</p> 
<p>By the time he acquires internal force and increases his strength to 10,000 or even 100,000 catties…</p> 
<p>Getting revenge on Wan Rong would no longer be a pipe dream!</p> 
<p>Thanks to the obsession of the Original Su Jingxing, revenge was never far from Su Jingxing's mind, not even in his dreams.</p> 
<p>He had to get rid of this annoyance as soon as possible!</p> 
<p>For that, he had to continue moving corpses.</p> 
<p>Getting close to corpses meant getting more Essence Energy Pills and Strength Pills, which translates to more money and strength.</p> 
<p>What a great spot to be in!</p> 
<p>…</p> 
<p>[Corpse discovered. Would you like to extract it?]</p> 
<p>"Yes!"</p> 
<p>[Corpse discovered. Would you like to extract it?]</p> 
<p>"Yes!"</p> 
<p>[Corpse discovered. Would you like to extract it?]</p> 
<p>"Yes!"</p> 
<p>…</p> 
<p>Extract… Extract… Extract…</p> 
<p>Essence Energy Card… Strength Enhancement Card… Essence Energy Card… Strength Enhancement Card…</p> 
<p>The days flew by.</p> 
<p>Patiently, Su Jingxing accumulated more and more Essence Energy Pills. The strength in both his arms had exceeded 1,000 catties, and was creeping towards 2,000.</p> 
<p>However, no new cards came into his possession.</p> 
<p>Just when Su Jingxing thought that there were only two types of cards, a new card emerged.</p> 
<p>Internal force card!</p> 
<p>Based on the card's description, the Internal Force Card he had contained two years of cultivation.</p> 
<p>To put it simply, once Su Jingxing uses it, he would immediately gain the same amount of internal force that would have taken a regular martial artist two years to cultivate.</p> 
<p>To use it, he just had to stick it in between his eyebrows.</p> 
<p>What a pleasant surprise!</p> 
<p>Originally, the plan was to resign to fate and continue selling Essence Energy Pills until he had enough money to enroll in a dojo.</p> 
<p>This development was beyond his expectations.</p> 
<p>His cheat ability had provided him with two years of internal force cultivation, turning Su Jingxing into a real ninth-grade martial artist overnight!</p> 
<p>"Hahaha…"</p> 
<p>Swelling with uncontainable excitement, Su Jingxing laughed out loud. He had specially come to the back mountains of the crematorium to use the internal force card. A warm energy coursed through his body upon activating the card.</p> 
<p>How great it was to immediately acquire internal force!</p> 
<p>Even though cultivating martial arts could make one stronger, its process was tedious.</p> 
<p>On the other hand, Su Jingxing acquired internal forces without having to cultivate.</p> 
<p>If other martial artists knew about this, they would be green with envy.</p> 
<p>He figured it would be best for him to keep a low profile.</p> 
<p>Cough! Cough!</p> 
<p>He coughed a few times to calm himself down.</p> 
<p>Previously, all I could extract was Essence Energy Cards and Strength Enhancement Cards. How did I end up getting an Internal Force Card this time? wondered Su Jingxing.</p> 
<p>Everything happens for a reason.</p> 
<p>If he managed to figure out the reason, he might be able to extract even more new cards!</p> 
<p>The thought spurred him into action.</p> 
<p>Returning to the crematorium, Su Jingxing got his hands on the corpse records.</p> 
<p>The crematorium had strict rules.</p> 
<p>The information of every corpse that was sent to the crematorium had to go into the records, whether or not anyone came forward to identify them.</p> 
<p>After getting hold of the corpse records, Su Jingxing went through the entries one by one.</p> 
<p>It wasn't long before he got his answer.</p> 
<p>A martial artist!</p> 
<p>The corpse from which he extracted the Internal Force Card belonged to a ninth-grade martial artist!</p> 
<p>All of the other corpses he had encountered so far belonged to ordinary people.</p> 
<p>The deciding factor was that the corpse belonged to a martial artist!</p> 
<p>That makes sense since internal force only forms in the body of martial artists.</p> 
<p>If I'm right, my cheat ability allows me to somehow extract a person's past possessions from their corpses …</p> 
<p>Hey, wait a minute!</p> 
<p>Su Jingxing's eyes lit up.</p> 
<p>If I can extract the internal force of a martial artist from their corpse, can I also extract the secret martial arts manuals they practiced?</p> 
<p>…</p>
        
    </body>
</html>
